feat: add update 91 (#134)
tari-project/tari-dot-com: _updates/2022-10-10-update-91.md

---
layout: update
tag: Developer Update
date: 2022-10-10
author: stringhandler
thumbnail: update-background.jpg
title: Developer Update
class: subpage
---

## Development Update

## Audits
The Tari development community has started engaging with companies to perform an audit of the code base and cryptography.

## Base Layer

> This week we ran another stress test on the Esmeralda network. Some nodes crashed due to a bug that was quickly patched, but the results look positive otherwise. More detailed results will be published in the near future. There have been a number of stress tests already run on Esmeralda, bringing the network to a size that may take many years to achieve in mainnet. It currently has over 300,000 kernels and over 1.8 million outputs. A pruned node currently uses 1.4GB for the blockchain database.

Author: ```suggestion
This week we ran another stress test on the Esmeralda network. Some nodes crashed due to a bug that was quickly patched, but the results look positive otherwise. More detailed results will be published shortly. There have been several stress tests already run on Esmeralda, bringing the network to a size that may take many years to achieve in mainnet. It currently has over 300,000 kernels and over 1.8 million outputs. A pruned node currently uses 1.4GB for the blockchain database.
```
